You are the new intern
It's you who has an opinion on Shanshan
Manager Chen
I don't disagree with anyone, but these data reports
I did it all by myself.
It has nothing to do with Luo Shanshan
What!
How come?
You want money? Get up!
Are you talking nonsense?
Just you, who didn't even go to college
How could it be so short?
Just put so many reports
It's all done.
It's Manager Chen, don't be deceived by him.
He's just a loser eating dinner at the headquarters door
Lack of mental energy all day
Want to get your attention?
Is what they say true?
Manager Chen, I didn't go to any university.
But I have read
Say whose back door you went through
How dare you treat someone with such a low education
Assigned to my department
i
I can't tell the relationship with Luo Yingxue
I have to rely on my own strength
Receive recognition from colleagues
Dare to do it or not, Mr. Yao
You really deserve to be accused of eating soft rice
Manager Chen
I didn't go through anyone's back door
I just want to rely on my own strength
In Shenmen Group
Stand on your feet
I did all these reports by myself.
Please also lead the field